Update Developer Guide (#91)
AY2122S2-CS2103T-W09-4/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

| `* * *`  | Teaching Assistant                                        | list students alphabetically                                                           | print students in a list as their names would appear on the official class list               |
| `* * *`  | Teaching Assistant                                        | tag students                                                                           | know what modules they are taking                                                             |
| `* * *`  | Teaching Assistant                                        | filter students by their tags                                                          | view the progress of students in each separate tag (different class/module)                   |
| `* * *`  | Teaching Assistant                                        | define my own tasks for each module                                                    | customise the tasks to each module                                                            |

> | `* * *`  | Teaching Assistant                                        | assign tasks to multiple students                                                      | allocate tasks to students without having to individually assign them                         |

Reviewer: Tbh it feels a little weird for "assign tasks to multiple students" to have a higher priority than "assign tasks to specific students".
Maybe we should readjust the priority level for either/both of these user stories?

Author: Alright, I swapped the priorities for these 2 user stories.

| `* * *`  | Teaching Assistant                                        | undo the most recent command entered                                                   | revert any unwanted changes (such as deleting student) without much trouble                   |

> | `* * *`  | Teaching Assistant                                        | delete a task given to a student                                                       | delete the task from the list of tasks                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `* * *`  | Teaching Assistant                                        | delete a task given to a student                                                       | remove task that has incorrect information or has been assigned wrongly                                                        |
```
Feel a little weird to repeat the word "delete" in both part 2 and 3.

Remember to update the docs as well if you decide to change

Author: Edited it to make it sound more natural.

| `* * *`  | Teaching Assistant                                        | list the students who have/have not completed a specific task                          | track the completion status of a specific task                                                |

> | `* *`    | Teaching Assistant                                        | see all the tasks that a student currently have                                        | observe his/her progress                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `* *`    | Teaching Assistant                                        | see all the tasks that a student currently has                                        | observe his/her progress                                                                      |
```

Author: Ok I will be fixing the grammar, thanks for pointing this out

| `* *`    | Teaching Assistant                                        | display the possible actions that  I can take, or do                                   | have a quick reference without the need of reading a user guide                               |
| `* *`    | Teaching Assistant                                        | edit the details of the students                                                       | fix any errors that occurred during the insertion of student details                          |

> | `* *`    | Teaching Assistant who is teaching in multiple semesters  | archive the existing data                                                              | save a copy on the local machine before undergoing a complete deletion of data                |

Reviewer: I feel "archive" should be a must-have since it is abit pointless for the user to have a new set of save file after each session.

Author: Upped "archive" priority to must have.

| `* *`    | Teaching Assistant                                        | delete multiple students from TAPA                                                     | remove students that are no longer being taught, without needing to delete them individually  |

> | `* *`    | Teaching Assistant                                        | delete multiple students from TAPA after the module is over                            | remove students that are no longer being taught, after the semester is over                   |

Reviewer: I think these 2 user stories might be referring to the same idea?

Author: Removed one of them and generalised the implementation to 1 user story

> | `* *`    | Teaching Assistant                                        | display student progress                                                               | locate a person easily                                                                        |

Reviewer: The third part feels like it doesnt really match the user story (since the user story is focusing on progress instead)

Author: Yup, my mistake on this part, did not notice it on the first go. Edited it as well.
